Test, test one, two, test one, two testing test one, two
Test one, two test one, two test one, two test one, two test one, two test one, two test one, two test one, two test one, two test most most most most most most most most most least least least least least least least least least least least least least least least least least and S
Juliet Whiskey, CQ, CQ.
Oh, just a little fun there, Kim.
Don't worry, it's not too dark, I don't think.
But they are dark days, right, before Christmas.
They're the darkest days of the year, these last few days, right?
I mean, yeah, it's anyway.
Isn't it the first day of second day of winter already or something?
You know, these three days are the longest days.
Winter solstice is around.
Yeah, exactly the dark days before Christmas.
That's the whole idea.
Okay.
Oh, let's see.
I did get the email, but I did not bother trying to get anything boxed up and
thrown out yet.
There's another box that needs to go out yet too.
So you are definitely behind.
Oh, no, wait, where is that email?
Okay, you're going to just have to wait one second here, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm going to have to escape out of this.
I cannot go on without fixing this problem.
Where am I going to put it?
So you want to ask some questions?
You could, you could put them in the chat.
I'm going to take another second here to do a little bit of a funny.
I need a new opening escape.
I'm almost done.
I'm making something.
So I'm just kind of making it on the fly here.
You know what I saw on, I could, I could put myself on screen, I guess.
So you can at least see what I'm doing.
Sorry about that.
God, yes, hello, hello.
Okay, let me just finish this slide.
I don't want to put behind him.
Maybe just words, right?
How do I say it?
How do you?
How do you say this?
The, I'm going to say it.
Oh, gosh, I got to hurry up.
I'm going to copy this one here, go back down to drop that in.
And I will put this left justified and then I'm going to go.
Oh, that's hilarious.
Okay, so maybe I should put it.
Don't need that.
That doesn't need to be capitalized.
And this could be centered.
Oh, my gosh, you're going to crack up.
And then it should probably have black outline because you can see it better than okay.
Oh, that's awesome.
Maybe I'll put this smaller.
Sorry, dudes, gots to be right, think, think.
Yes, I love it.
I absolutely love it.
It's not perfect yet, but this is good.
Okay, I'm going to save it and then I'm going to stop.
Okay, good to see you guys switch back over here and I'm ready to go.
Just a brief introduction for the sake of it because maybe you can take the time to go share
and somewhere and tell everybody to come watch, come and watch and listen.
If you're out here on a date night with your date, welcome to your date night.
Good to see you on your date night.
And if it's your breakfast, make sure you eat extra piece of bacon.
And yeah, here we go.
I think here we go.
Here we go.
Greetings, everyone.
Oh, look, JC on the bike was timed out by Risa.
Oh, timeout, JC on the bike.
JC on the bike.
It's JC on the bike.
Yeah.
Well, I'm wise enough to know when a chomp needs banning and I know just the one look at round.
It's JC on the bike.
Who says Veda didn't study music in college?
And a T cell response in particular, the cells that have that RNA, they're making that spike protein will get attacked.
So hold on, I want to pause you because I advanced the hypothesis on dark horse, which is now just come right back up.
So I want to catch people up and then I want you to pick up your explanation.
So what I argued, I believe I came up with this independently, but I believe Peter McCullough has mentioned to something similar as has Jonathan Cooey.
See, if you think about it, you know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally and these COVID vaccines or vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine.
Okay, but actually, they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines and, you know, anything with really rapidly fading efficacy such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada saying nine months is as actually,
JJ Cooey's insistence and I think he's right on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
He's scheduled for 16 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
That was a little fast there between the basketball that it kind of flashed out again. I got to fix that.
We are still here fighting the faith in a novel virus, but that's all right because we've got lots of guns now.
We've got lots of weapons. We've got lots of really good ideas that deflate that faith.
We can say things very succinctly like the vaccine schedule in America is criminal.
The transfection is criminally negligent.
And that's what we're specializing in here at Gigo Biological Short, succinct ideas that describe society changing ideas.
We need to have it real and real short and sweet like there was no spread in New York City or transfection of healthy mammals is dumped.
You know, protocols were murder or the Scooby-Doo is real.
These things that mean things with very little words just like these people have preserved a really simple idea that's got us all trapped.
This is Gigo Biological.
I might be just a tad loud. I'm not really sure. Maybe it's just my earpones that are this loud.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the show. This is Gigo Home Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist.
My name is Jonathan Cooey. I'm coming to you live from my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It is about 9.37 here in the evening. Wherever you are, really thanks a lot for joining me. It's the 22nd of December.
We are in the dark days before Christmas and I thought I would try to start a little streak of streaming.
I'm really proud to say that I'm happy to say I don't know if I'm proud. It's not like he's my kid or something like that.
My friend Mark is on his like 13th or 14th day in a row or I don't know what it is.
This streak is really pretty cool because it means that we're starting to get our stride.
It's starting to become possible to talk about this stuff in a quite fluid way while we add things, while we process things.
We're on pretty solid ground now. And even though the social media would like us to be looping and coming back to some of these ideas that were first presented to us in 2020 and 2021.
We are making a lot of progress with getting that transition was annoying.
I'm getting biology into people's heads.
And there are safer ways than cutting open your skull.
And in fact, I like to think that watching this stream is one of those ways where you can get some useful, broad biological concepts in your head, which can allow you to dispel a lot of this mythology outright.
The claims that people make are incongruent with what they can know and what indeed is known.
Anybody who's trying to tell you that there's lots of secret technology out there that you have no idea how far they've gotten with this or that.
Generally speaking, I would say air on the side of that snake oil because it almost certainly is.
No, that transition was better. This faith in a novel virus, though, where we have defeated disease and epidemics in the past using vaccination where novel coronaviruses can jump from other species and can pandemic where false positives with a PCR test are very rare and asymptomatic spread with maybe a wide variety of
viral pathogens is real.
This faith in a novel virus really has to be dispelled. We can't let our children growing up thinking that there is this extra layer of biology underneath bacterial infections called viruses, which are extremely dangerous and maybe even more dangerous than bacterial
infections.
We have to really, really be careful with that, especially in the realm of respiratory disease.
I'm going to go out out a limb here as far as my own expertise, but I think that it's, it's a.
It is a possibility that everyone needs to consider that the entire suite of ways that we describe respiratory disease has been fractionated and, and, and fragmented and, and, you know, taken to a fractal kind of level so that there's as many
possibilities as there can be when in reality there's probably a lot more synchrony in the way that, that respiratory disease can be treated and the causes of it.
And I just think a lot of this is, is really hocus pocus at this stage and all of us just have to come to the conclusion that a for profit medical system without any real controls on that for profit narrative has really led to a quite destructive
and, and maladaptive system for ourselves.
I think the biology is the way out I'm less stumbling through this beginning because again I haven't been streaming in a couple days and the way it works is is that as you stream on a daily basis or you stream more often, and you try to send a similar message.
It becomes easier for you to put out this fluid message this, this continuous, you know, sort of thing of, of beginning to end message of how we're going to get out of this.
And I really feel like giga ohm biological is starting to get to the point where I love when I talk like that because basically I'm talking about this room in my garage.
But I really think I'm getting to the point where where I'm starting to see from a high enough altitude where the big picture things are becoming really in focus for me.
I think in this scenario are really third rail sort of ideas that no one who is being influenced by the system that we are trying to fight against.
No one who is playing for the teams that we are fighting against.
No one who is cooperating with the teams that we are fighting against.
No one who is taking comfort or fame or money from the people and teams we are fighting against is going to come out against the childhood vaccine schedule in America.
None of them will.
And I'm so sure of it.
And I think it's one of the ways when you look back on this you can see it for what it is.
I went from giving my kids shots to fully against the vaccine schedule in about a year and a half and that's not very fast and some of these people have gone from beginning of the pandemic to the end and still haven't even thought about it.
They still won't even consider the possibility that this semantic war extends beyond 2020 this biological mythology war extends beyond 2020 they just won't think about it.
They haven't even gotten there and I believe that it's almost impossible.
And that's my stance right now right now.
I'm saying it is impossible for these people to be taken seriously.
If they really want us to believe they have been full on being pinched by the system.
Getting bad phone calls or losing their PayPal or getting their license threatened.
How can they not see that they should have been questioning the system a long time ago and that the only thing that really at the heart of the system to question the only thing that is mandated is the vaccine schedule.
The only thing that is gone antithetical to everything we know about developmental biology is the vaccine schedule.
Ever earlier with ever more shots encroaching ever earlier on the bidet of birth to the point where now we're giving vaccines during pregnancy.
Don't you see that's not a logical progression given what we know about development.
Where the most vulnerable windows in development are when the fetus is the youngest.
It's extraordinary.
The contradiction is so stark that we can't see it some of us.
It's like we're just looking at the mirror image of the world and because we're so focused to that side we just have never bothered to turn around and see that we're looking at a mirror where everything is the opposite.
And we're in really in big trouble.
Because none of these leaders seem to be willing to step up and just say the easy easy easy thing.
Which is I think the childhood vaccine schedule in America is obviously a criminal enterprise it has to be.
We just look at the legislative history.
And we look at the history of its contents.
And we look at the scientific relevance of its contents.
We look at the impact on children's health of its contents and we look at that objectively we will not find a signal.
Which suggests that these things are valuable I know we won't.
And the fact that we have never even come close to even scratching the surface of trying to objectively find this signal given the fact that we have all the data we would ever need in any of these databases about this signal.
Belize the nature of this malevolence.
And so we must advocate for a pause on the vaccine schedule in America.
The vitamin K shot the hepatitis B shot and all the shots in the first two years of a baby's life should be jettison and we should instead invest money in teaching mothers or encouraging mothers to breastfeed if at all possible.
We should advocate for strict liability on all pharmaceutical products to include vaccine strict liability is something that means something to lawyers and legislators and lawmakers and and anybody that knows something about law knows what strict liability means and you don't have to talk about anything anymore.
There's no debating stuff well which we should be worried about the VICP or the CICP or what about the special master or you know, no strict liability that's it that's all you need to do.
That's the way it should be anyway that's the way it was.
And then we need to investigate what happened during the pandemic in the right context with the right.
Over arching objectives which would be something like investigating the use of these deadly protocols to cause mass casualty events.
Investigate what happened in these ICUs that nobody was allowed to go into.
Investigate the use of mass casualty events and transfection in the form of some form of PCR positivity lung inflammation I have no idea to create the illusion of a pandemic.
Maybe the spike protein was transfected vapors you know like a virus like particle in the air. I don't know.
But we should investigate it on the basis of the technology that we have available.
Instead of talking about gate of function we've got to regulate gate of function let's just go into these laboratories and find out what they were doing.
And most likely they were making infectious clones in large quantities are made infectious clones aerosolizable.
I don't know again I don't think it's up to me or any of us to find out how the crime was committed.
But we wake up in the middle of the night and there's a criminal in our house and we call 911.
The operator shouldn't be asking us you know what's he doing there whatever his motives where was he last week.
Why would he be in your house now.
Reclaim sovereignty over our bodies and those of our children withdraw from the who and the you and entirely.
I don't even know if that really solves anything I'm not an expert on that but I do know that we need to sort of do a Thomas soul kind of thing and make sure that the government.
Seat that is closest to our house should be the one that has the most power over us and as we go farther from our house those government seats should have less power over us.
And right now it seems to be a little bit inverted at least the way that people behave.
If it's not written in any of the law books right now when the CDC says something everybody pretends like this is a new proclamation that can't be violated that must not be ignored.
And so we're still trying to I think break through the average human beings mind about what really happened here every time I talk to somebody I'm really surprised at how congratulatory they are that they think that they finally figured out that this was
probably a lab leak and they were they were covering it up and it's just crazy how I was fooled by that.
So many times have I heard that in the last couple weeks it's actually kind of comical.
And a lot of times it's presented to me as well you know I totally get it now.
I totally get it there was this you know there's pandemic potential in nature but there's also like pandemic potential in laboratories.
And the crazy thing is now I understand that they can even stitch viruses together to create even worse pandemic potential so man we really got lucky.
But man I can't believe how much they covered it up like I can't believe it it's I just never imagined that they would do that man.
So you know Bobby Kennedy that's pretty cool.
You got to write that book with him.
Oh wow no I didn't write the book with him.
I checked his citations and made sure that the papers he was citing said the things that he said they said made sure that the people said what he said they said made sure the newspaper that he's quoting said what he said it said.
The book is a historical document about what everybody said about a pandemic including me.
I got another got another passage for you.
This passage is a page and a half after the first passage I read to you about clones the other day.
Yes we're going to shift over here a little bit.
That should work and that should work and that should work.
Yes.
So we're at the bottom of page 283.
And I'm going to read right here and bear specialties that you know this is again one of these scenarios where you know take it how you want to take it.
But Bobby is the author.
If he wants to write super infectious it's not anything that I can't I mean I could say that you don't really want to say super infectious but ultimately that's up to him.
I'm not really sure what the exact debate here was I might have just flagged it and said don't say super infectious and they left it in it's fine.
Bear specialties synthesizing super infectious clones of naturally occurring viruses solved one of the longest standing long standing challenges of coronavirus research.
The near impossibility of culturing most species in vitro and I don't know why we said most species because it's all species that's just should be culturing in vitro.
Researchers don't pass cultures of virus around like they do with bacteria cell lines or mouse lines says biologist Jonathan Cooey.
If you cannot if you cannot culture it you cannot make enough to use as a stable laboratory model.
Barracks techniques made this a non issue.
Barracks lab clones are nearly perfectly pure the frightening significance of that this fact is difficult to overestimate.
Barrack had devised a method for creating huge quantities of infectious RNA that would otherwise never exist in nature.
Barracks technique allowed him to make laboratory recombinations of any identified quote unquote viral genes that she recovered in her fishing expeditions using metagenomic sequencing.
Barracks have bad blood feces saliva and to generate billions of identical lab clones and concentrations and purity ideally suited to cause a pandemic.
Thanks to Barrack and the tutorials he gave the Chinese these techniques became the essential basis for modern coronavirus gain of function research and particularly for experiments involving SARS like coronaviruses.
These stocks or their equivalent in WIV labs may be conceivably the ultimate source of the start of the pandemic observes Cooey it is high indeed highly likely that this is the way the current SARS CoV 2 virus was created.
It is in short exactly what Michael Ulsterholm said it could not be a virus designed by a gene jockey on a keyboard says Cooey.
So, I mean again it's not my book so you know you can't just write there was no pandemic and there was no nothing.
And there is going to be a book I think where that comes out and the goal now here is to not let them slow roll this out anymore.
To accelerate the awakening of people who have been triple transfected to accelerate the awakening of people who have been triple transfected so that we can stop the show.
And it is really important now to stop the show. I really believe that.
But the show is going to go on.
And I want to really.
This is funny. I really want to.
Well, I just want to have some fun with this. A good friend of mine sent me this video. It's a longer interview that it is this is.
This is John Kiriaku interviewing Jesse Ventura and if you don't remember who he is he's the former World Wrestling Federation guy who also became was an actor in predator and became the governor of Minnesota probably not in that order.
Had a conspiracy TV show really eclectic guy.
And this is the last part of the interview and I just wonder if you can remember.
Well, I'm just going to play it because it's just hilarious. I hope you really enjoy it.
Right. Right. Then it's on you.
I wanted to ask you one more question. Yep.
You've long been a supporter of Bob Kennedy and you even considered running for president with Bob Kennedy as your vice president.
I did more than that.
Do tell.
Well, you obviously didn't read my one book when it gets you on this one, John.
Yeah, you got it.
It was a book I wrote right after I got out of offices called Don't Start the Revolution Without Me.
Right. Go get that book because you know what I did in that book.
That book was all about traveling with my wife to the tip of the bomb after being in office and reminiscing about this and that.
Except I wrote it with Dick Russell, my writing partner.
And except I got when we got to the last chapter, I said, Dick, we're going to throw a wrench in the game on the last chapter.
He said, what do you want to do? I said, I want to write the last chapter's total fiction and don't tell no one.
We're going to do the last chapter's going to be total fiction and we ain't going to warn nobody. The last chapter's just going to be fiction.
How eerie is this, John? Do you know what the last chapter's about?
It's got to be.
No, I go the last chapter. I team up with Bobby Kennedy.
Bobby Kennedy and I run for president. Me as president, him as VP.
And I get assassinated. Oh, my God.
That's what he said when it clipped out because that is.
Well, I will tell you this, Bobby, and I was supposed to meet two weeks ago.
It's crazy.
He was coming to Minneapolis.
We're going to spend two days together.
I shouldn't make fun of him.
And Bobby said, when I come back for sure, we get together. He had something else came up and they had to cancel Minnesota.
And what I'm going to try to do is get Bobby off of the off of the vaccine crap and tell him to start running on what matters.
That's great.
No, and for him, it's the environment.
That's what he's known for. Run on your strong strength.
Interesting.
Cancel Minnesota.
Because John Kiriaku also says that's a good idea. I just find it interesting.
Yeah, no committed.
They are what I'm going to try to do is to Bobbi off of the off of the vaccine crap and tell him to start running on what matters.
That's great.
No, and for him, that's great.
That's what he's known for. Run on your strong strength.
That's right.
That's the one that's going to get the young people and it's going to get a lot of people is the environment.
His poll numbers are, in my view, astronomical right now.
There was a morning consult Bloomberg poll that came out this morning that had him, you know, state by state in the battleground states polling between 19 and 29%.
I've seen 23 to 20% in national races. Yeah.
You want to do you want to try something? You and I?
Yeah.
Seriously.
I'll turn it over to you. Why don't you contact the libertarians, the head of the libertarian and tell them Jesse Ventura's open.
If you libertarians want it.
Third party.
Minnesota libertarian.
They want some third party running.
None of these people want to question the narrative.
And I honestly think I have identified a weak spot.
And I keep hearing the weak spot being said that it's a dumb spot, which is the vaccine schedule.
And I've heard Jesse Ventura say it just a couple days ago now.
And I've heard lots of other people say it. And so it's very funny to me.
Right now that the sort of naked underbelly of this beast is now really exposed to us.
And I think if we stay on message and we really hone in on the fact that this faith is never questioned and very specifically the manifestation of this faith in the real world.
The manifestation of this faith is the vaccine schedule.
The rituals of this faith are the vaccine schedule.
And so we need to call these rituals out for what they are.
And I think that's really where this weakness is. We have been stuck on this road.
And from the start of the pandemic, all of us have been confused, including myself.
And for a long time, I was in a car with people who had me convinced that there was a novel virus that millions that millions died from were saved millions more could be saved from that gain a function was probably real and maybe even this came from it.
We've all been we are all wandering on this highway got picked up in a car full of people that say they were also wandering on this highway but they were not.
They are liars.
And I know some people don't like me to use that word but they know for sure they are wrong. Some of them know for sure they are telling stories.
Others them and them are unaware that they have been told stories that is true.
But then their teachers know.
Their old supervisors knew.
Their current supervisors know.
We are so close to the brick wall of this theater right now ladies and gentlemen the stage lights are so bright right now ladies and gentlemen that the shadows are revealing the scenery ladies and gentlemen.
But they have kept us in this car for a long time and very convincingly argued about this in such a way so that we have most of our friends and family have become convinced that there was a novel virus for sure there was.
I mean we all had this unusual sickness in 2019 even before we knew there was COVID I know I did.
And we're totally ruling ruling out the possibility of tuberculosis or pneumonia or.
Or tuberculosis or pneumonia from tuberculosis or I mean.
It's to me it's just so bizarre.
How easily they were able to convince us that there was something new.
When none of us had any evidence.
And the only evidence we had was detectable using their tools.
Described by.
Symptoms general.
Just it's literally turning into worst case scenario.
Just it's literally turning into worse case in March of 2020 it's literally turning into worst case scenario.
If you got in the car with Kevin McCarran.
It's turning into worst case scenario.
This is what you would hear.
If you got into the car with with with a lot of these people you were going to hear a faith in a novel virus you were going to hear a faith in vaccines you were going to hear about zoonotic jump you were going to hear about asymptomatic spread.
You were going to hear about amyloidosis you were going to hear about a toxic spike protein you were going to hear about a gain of function spike protein.
Already in 2020.
From a lot of people who had no business knowing about a fear and cleavage site and no business thinking that.
20 amino acids are sorry 20 nucleotides or four or five amino acid insert was going to make the difference between a.
A small little local outbreak at a worldwide calamity.
Which is what somebody like Charles rixie was convinced of the fear and cleavage site would make it the most transmissible virus in history.
And his evidence is they take fear and cleavage sites out of the flu vaccine apparently.
If you got in the car with Robert Malone you were going to hear about fifth generation warfare that you'd never have the cognitive ability to penetrate.
You were going to hear about patents and how everything should work or might work or maybe would work.
I just assumed they figured it out. I thought it might help my long COVID.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data in 2023 the same guy still saying worst case scenario.
This data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data.
How can you not see it's a theater?
These people arguing with each other pretending to fight saying bad things about each other about how they don't get it.
Oh too bad Brent doesn't get it anymore.
Oh too bad Sam went off the deep end.
Nothing but theater.
Theater that spreads bad ideas and a hell of a lot faster than any RNA molecule could ever spread.
And just like Giordano said these are the bad ideas.
This is from a couple days ago.
I'm going to take some notes.
Well folks I think this is huge news that no other media outlets are really covering this in any great length.
That is the fact that Australia has put a call out to pause gene based COVID-19 vaccines.
Where did I see this courageous discourse?
Dr. Peter McCullough's substack.
Now shouldn't I be seeing this on Fox News?
Now maybe I should just not do this but I'm going to do it anyway because I think it's worth doing just to point out that if you go to
my website and you look up Scooby over here you will find a review that I wrote and published on the 18th of May 2021.
More than two and a half years ago which is a call to pause deliberate and revise policy.
Now this review would have probably come out a lot earlier had I not been writing it with this person.
I'm not really sure how to speak out about how this relationship came to be but I came connected to Piper Stover through Dan Saratkin.
And Dan Saratkin is the author of this Harvard to the big house blog which was really the thing that got me riding my bike about coronavirus.
And also got me just a little bit of a bump of notoriety because in his article that was cited by Zerohead he also put a link to one of my YouTube videos so it was one of the first videos of mine to get more than 10,000 views.
And so Piper had some contact with him earlier in the pandemic but I'm not really sure what kind of contact that was.
Piper has been involved in some movies she's also lived in China for more than a decade she has a daughter who speaks Chinese etc.
So I think she has made her career now in the United States basically based on her expertise with China and the language and the culture.
I'm not really in touch with Piper much anymore.
There was a time when we were in very very close daily contact and now it is not like that anymore and as I look back on this one of the things that I see very starkly in this is what I have illustrated above it which is that this review was written with the intent of stopping the
inspection rollout you will notice the conspicuous absence of any discussion regarding the protocols that led to massive isogenic casualty events that were used to define the crisis for the world.
Those are not detailed in here.
Instead what is in here is basically a much better story than what Herit Vonen Walsh is telling with much more congruent biological ideas that I have now come to understand as being mostly part of the Scooby-Doo.
Mostly part of this large mythology that is coronavirus pandemic biology and it took me so long to figure out that I had been bamboozled into believing all of this stuff even partly because of the very unique strategy that the no virus people used.
Where they didn't really engage in a productive conversation about anything and they definitely weren't interested in walking through this with you in order to sort of get on the same page.
And therefore coming to the realization that there might not have been a spreading pathogen was actually quite difficult despite their existence.
And now I'm not saying that it's not my fault it's definitely my fault for not having caught in if I would have caught on to this sooner I think Nathan would still be alive.
If I would have caught on to this sooner it wouldn't have helped the other three people that I lost.
But those people were out of my hands and definitely too early in the pandemic and too early in the vaccine rollout for me to have saved them.
But Nathan I could have saved.
And some of those friends in Chicago I might have saved from them having transfected themselves.
But I think it's very important to realize that I have already for more than a month been out and saying that I leave this document available for everyone so as to not hide my history but instead to own it.
Everyone that has pushed the mystery of the novel coronavirus was wittingly or unwittingly involved in enabling the murder of thousands if not millions of humans myself included.
And for that I apologize.
To Nathan's family and to all of my anyone else I could have saved I apologize.
And I think that going forward I think anybody who's being honest would be saying that the vaccine schedule is something that needs to be I mean it needs to be stopped it needs to be paused it needs to be reconsidered it needs to be investigated.
And it is not possible for these people not to have already gotten there.
If they believe the whole system is corrupt and they believe all these people are lying about all these different things but they don't think anything about that then we have a problem.
And so in 2024 my goal is to make this a flag and a t-shirt and a banner and a billboard.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is really really really dumb.
It doesn't make any sense it's antithetical to everything we understand about the immune system.
And we don't understand very much about the immune system.
So this is Peter McCullough on America's real voice trick field tonight and we're going to talk first about Australia putting a pause on the vaccine.
And again remember this is two and a half years after I use that same language with the biology of you know vaccine enriching the dangerous.
Of the virus for the vaccine the transfected but also talking about the danger of transfection the danger of auto immunity and the value of natural immunity.
And so I wasn't off on everything but I definitely had a right idea that it needed to be stopped and that it shouldn't be used on anybody.
I wasn't sophisticated enough to know that even old people would even be crazy to use it on them given their frailties but at the time it seemed like okay if we're going to try it on somebody maybe them I don't know.
They still had me thinking that old people were vulnerable to something.
And I'm really sorry.
Alright let's play this I'm going to take some notes.
And everywhere else you're going to see it here on Real America's Voice but Australia is pausing this they were the craziest when it came to the vaccines and the lockdowns and everything.
So what does this mean for all of us.
I want to welcome to the program world renowned cardiologist and epidemiologist as well as the chief scientific officer at the wellness company a company I absolutely adore.
Dr. Peter McCullough is with us.
Doc it is so great to see you Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
So I'm reading your sub stack this morning as I do most mornings it's one of the first emails that comes in and I see Australia puts a pause.
You've got to be kidding me doctor.
Well let me clarify it's not the government of Australia putting a pause but there's some esteemed authors Peter Perry first author Julian Gillespie senior author now two papers in the peer reviewed literature.
Describing the dangers of the COVID-19 vaccines is continued production of spike protein in the body the spike protein causing damage.
It's really the mechanism by which the vaccines cause so much harm and a two peer reviewed papers now that are widely cited they are calling to pause these vaccines to stop using them.
We have to see more calls like this in order to get enough momentum to get these off the market.
All right the shame is now doctors have been put in groups right.
You're in one group over here.
There's the other doctors over here.
What we need are some other doctors that are well respected from pre pandemic to join doctors like you who are well respected pre pandemic but now sadly got labeled in this group and I hope you understand what I'm trying to say.
It's true only about 4% of doctors you know remain unvaccinated.
96% of the doctors took the vaccine.
They're having the hardest time coming to reckon with the safety issues of the vaccine because they have it themselves.
It's as if all the doctors were taking Vioxx and then there was a problem with Vioxx.
They're not going to come forward and say yeah you know I made a mistake.
So that's the problem here.
I think it's going to take a long time before the orthodoxy largely vaccinated are going to basically come to realize that they've made a personal health mistake.
They've advised their patients on this disastrous mistake and now they have to make amends.
Addictotally Dr. McCullough.
Have you gotten any colleagues of yours quietly say to you?
You were right Doc.
I do.
I have occasionally doctors contact me and say listen I can't speak out publicly.
My job is at risk or my group doesn't understand.
By one by one by one they're contacting me.
More and more people follow me obviously through social media and a whole variety of sources.
I think the big problem now is the employers health systems medical schools have been so pro vaccine.
None of them are willing to to admit they've made a policy mistake.
You know this is in one respects why I love being aligned with the wellness company and the websites on the screen right there.
It's not just the emergency kit with the antibiotics and antivirals which is so important to have in your house.
But you also have a membership where you have access to doctors who are not doctors just go along to get along doctors.
Fair to say Dr. McCullough.
You know one of those companies done a wonderful job the physician groups are Ben cohesive 24 by 7 physician access helping people out in the jam now.
It's telemedicine there's aspirations to have face to face visits.
Many of us at the wellness company you know we have our own practices independent practices where you know we fairly advise patients on the best course to take.
I know my clinical practice grant I'm overwhelmed with patients with vaccine injuries like myocarditis blood clots neurologic problems immunologic problems.
It's simply overwhelming the medicine the wellness company and the doctors in medicine there are certainly well appraised of vaccine and long COVID injuries and know how to handle it.
You know I've been reading about these excess deaths which are deaths that exceed the trend line and of course they went through the roof after the pandemic.
What are you seeing when it comes to these excess deaths and is it because of the virus or is it because of the vaccine or maybe both?
My you know my surmise here is that it's both.
You know the the virus itself there's no doubt about it.
And I see this in my clinical practice it clearly had its own mortality rate.
But a study by Jean colleagues from the VA show that people had heart attacks and strokes and higher risk of cardiovascular events six weeks after COVID this was before the vaccine.
I'm seeing patients just with COVID grant having blood clots and other problems even two years after COVID now add in the vaccines.
Oh my Lord, we've never seen rates of heart attacks and myocarditis cardiac arrest blood clots strokes. So I think both are playing a role.
The thing that's very disturbing is our FDA commissioner Rob Kayla recently came out and said that all cost mortality is rising at an alarming rate.
Any pointed to obesity and and diet and high blood pressure and all these other causes.
It was completely oblivious to COVID and the vaccines.
Of course, because you know what he's not oblivious.
He knows which is why they're lying to us. Dr. Peter McCullough as always again Mary Christmas to you.
It's great to see you again and we'll talk again real soon for sure.
Thank you.
Alright, I want everyone to go to TWC dot health forward slash voice.
Okay, use promo code voice kit that I was talking about say 10% on the wellness company's medical emergency kit and check out.
Okay, so let's just go over this quick and then we're going to listen to it one more time to make sure that you heard it correctly.
So he starts out with the introduction saying that the Australia's are going to take a pause and then he introduces him as the chief scientific officer of the wellness company Peter McCullough MD.
And Peter corrects him and says the two papers are calling the pause not the government.
So that's an interesting that that's really not very good reporting, right?
I mean, if you say that the Australian government is calling for a pause and then it turns out that it's two scientists and two papers calling for a pause not the government.
And then not really.
It's a little weird.
I found it very strange and you can listen to it very clearly.
He says that the spike is really the mechanism that causes the harm in the shot.
He says it very clearly very succinctly.
The spike really is the way that the shots cause harm something like that, but he says the spike really is the mechanism.
It's a very big point of saying, and I have been saying since probably spring of 21 that they were going to do this, that they were going to say that the spike protein was toxic that they should have chosen another protein.
And why did I say that because some of these people were way too quick to say that this spike protein is toxic.
It's going to cause cardiac arrest and cardiac problems and it's going to cause amyloidosis and prion disease.
It's going to cause the blood-brain barrier. It's going to do all this stuff.
The spike protein did everything.
They called it a Swiss Army knife.
Richard Fleming called it a Swiss Army knife.
Kevin McCarran called it a Swiss Army knife.
I think even Charles Rixi is called it a Swiss Army knife.
And that is really the mechanism by which the spike the vaccines cause harm, not the transfections.
Again, everybody knows the right word.
Nobody uses it. Nobody uses the word.
And even when Kevin McCarran uses the word, he corrects himself and inserts injection instead shakes his head in disgust.
Gene transfection injection.
The brick walls are visible. The actors are actually not that good.
And we can see through it.
You just got to go forward with the disbelief. You can't go back to saying, okay, I'll keep watching the movie. No.
You got to get up out of your seat and leave the theater.
It's that bad.
96% of doctors have been transfected. I believe that might be true.
I believe that might be true. And I do believe that that is a very important point.
And I'm not saying that Peter McCulloch doesn't make good points.
He has said, unlike almost all of these people, he has said that if he were to have to consider it now, he would forgo the vaccine schedule entirely.
He has said that.
And so it might be the reason why he's got to say this.
And when I say got to say, I definitely say got to say because this is a national security priority.
It is a national security operation right now.
Don't think that that's ended.
Orthodoxy has to make amends, employers, med schools, universities won't be able to admit because of liability, I think.
And that is the truth. That is a big problem. They're never going to say they did something wrong or they made a mistake or that.
And that opens the floodgates in theory for anybody to sue. Come on.
Ohio State has 60,000 students or something like that.
They can't say that they made a mistake making them test every week and then selling the test remnants for profit.
University of Wisconsin Madison can't apologize for having made their students do whatever they made their students do.
University of Los Angeles can't apologize to their students for making their students do whatever they made them do.
Do you know what kind of litigation waterfall that would be?
And then it became a wellness company advertisement.
They know how to handle it, the spike protein vaccine injury. They know how to handle it. They are familiar with it and they know how to handle it.
And then he was asked, where do the excess deaths come from? And they come from both.
The virus and the vaccine, both, both of them, both of them, as Nathan would say, both of them.
I would suggest that maybe if there was anything at the beginning of the pandemic that people were actually experiencing it could have been a clone.
If what we tracked in 2002 was a clone and we actually tracked something, which is possible. I wasn't there.
And then we were able to track it a few places that it infected like 10,000 people or so.
Then you can imagine a scenario where a similar molecular signal with similar association with acute respiratory disease could have been seeded in a few places and then misconstrued as a pandemic, especially if they had a great
overall understanding of the background signal upon which they were adding this clone to.
I don't think it's that hard of a scenario to understand and I can't really understand why so many people couldn't understand it for almost two years.
Why so many people were arguing either that it didn't really mean anything, that it wasn't really a revelation.
Even though what I got in Bobby's book is exactly because you can make quantities at purities that you cannot make if you just try to get it out of a bat and then use baking techniques in a laboratory with cell cultures to require the purity
to use filtration and centrifugation and chromatography and gels to get a purity you can't do it.
You can't do it and you can't get a quantity of it for sure.
But if you use recombinant DNA techniques now you can make a lot of RNA and it can be quite pure.
You want to call it coronavirus RNA well you can call it that too.
And if you use certain techniques which have been patented certain techniques which have been invented certain techniques that have been published if they work as published then you could easily aerosolize some RNA and then detect for it and find it.
Especially if it could express proteins especially if it could do things to irritate the immune system so that you could attract it a little bit.
And then everybody that was exposed to the clone would have some excess of this RNA that could be found with PCR that's possible.
I'm sure it's possible that they could set up a few people to meet all of these criteria where the sequencing reaction would be successful where the cytopathic assay would be successful or the PCR test would be positive
and where the patient would have symptoms.
But I'm also 100% sure that they could just lie about it.
I'm 100% sure that they could just make the computer kick it out.
All they had to do is put that Moderna lady on the keyboard and then have somebody else on the other end of that ethernet line going okay here just just send it to her right now.
All right hit send.
And it shows up on her screen and she's like okay this is the one we're going to use guys this is what the computer says.
And then she calls that 45 minutes of design work.
In order to create the vaccine that saved everyone and then there's this huge applause in her TED talk.
That's the problem with this it's not really sure how far down the turtles go.
But with regard to this mythology we need to assume that the turtles go all the way down we can't just stop with certain parts of the narrative certain parts of the illusion certain parts of the system.
The vaccine schedule is the ritual they are trying to protect and stand upon and expand
to a almost infinite space wherein they can experiment on us and our children forever.
Mark use the tonics right.
Mark Gulak's right.
I really think he's probably right.
I think he's already probably right.
I think most of us have been very very wholly unaware of how much of this has been going on.
I am very sure that we are in the process of trying to escape a very well crafted limited spectrum of debate which we have been bamboozled into accepting by some of these great personalities these most interesting men these most interesting women.
You know people who are like bioethicists and virologists and vaccinologists and immunologists and computational mathematicians and virologists and surfers and horseback riders and trainers and breeders.
All these super interesting people not just people that sit in their garage and repair cheap RC cars and practice guitar and drums terribly.
You know really really interesting people people that have like you know daughters with a million YouTube subscribers really really interesting people you know that like live all all away from society in a completely self sustained house in upper Michigan.
Really really really interesting people you know like married couples that run big laboratories.
Really interesting people with interesting parents that have crafted a very limited spectrum of debate within which we are trapped within which our friends are trapped.
That was laid down before the pandemic even began it was even named the intellectual dark web before the pandemic even began and the people that they coached and mentored and and encouraged to go into podcasting are also part of it.
There's hundreds of them.
Jordan Peterson is one of the worst of these people that probably was taken by many different aspects of his ego weakness drug addict ability whatever else.
I can't even play his voice anymore.
There was a brief period of time when I too was taken by the lobster man but I'm not anymore.
I realized after Alex Andros Marino said it so clearly on Brett Weinstein's podcast that you know when it comes right down to it an emergency if you don't have principles well then it doesn't matter.
And these people didn't have principles when it mattered Brett Weinstein didn't have principles when it mattered Peter Jordan Peterson didn't have principles when it mattered.
Robert Malone didn't have principles when it mattered.
And so we shouldn't be elevating these people and giving them ticker tape parades because they found their principles after half the backs half the nation had been vaccinated after half the world had been led to believe that there was a pandemic.
When people like Robert Malone know that RNA viruses can't do that.
And Malone knows that a PCR test cannot be that specific, especially if it doesn't have nested primers and a couple positive controls.
And the rest of the academic biologists in the world assume that there is nested primers in positive controls because they're idiots because they've never bothered to look because they've never bothered to go to the FDA test site and to figure out how many
people were given an EUA in 2020 and 2021 and 2022.
And how many of those EUA products had nested primers or had positive controls because how many is it.
It's none.
But the assumption of every academic biologist is is that PCR is nested primers PCR is positive controls PCR is negative controls because that's the way they do it to get a nature paper.
But they don't have to submit to the FDA.
They haven't donated to the foundation of the FDA. They haven't donated to the foundation of the NIH so they can't submit to these regulatory agencies that basically are just a rubber stamp that don't care what the data is.
The illusion needs breaking, ladies and gentlemen, the new world order needs breaking and we cannot pass it on to our children because if we do, it's over, they will be slaves.
The way it's going to work is digital ID and getting rid of anonymity online. Even Jordan Peterson is advocating for getting rid of anonymity online.
They're going to ask you to have a digital ID, whatever that is, blockchain, something on your phone, an app.
Maybe we can use our cameras and retinal scan ourselves or maybe face ID from Apple will work.
So that then only on Facebook, you have to log in with your digital ID or to post comments on a news website.
You'll have to log in with your digital ID or to post comments on YouTube or post YouTube videos.
Maybe I'll have to use a digital ID to have a Twitch account very soon.
It's coming, ladies and gentlemen. That's how they're going to get us to use it to protect our children from harassment online.
Free speech is being abused. The tables are tilted toward misinformation because of anonymity.
And before you know it, the past is faded into myths. Before you know it, they've erased the past.
Before you know it, the erasure will be forgotten and the lie will become truth.
And so it's very important to remember the illusions of the pandemic, the fact that this was an act.
They're playing. I think I have to stop and start this thing again because sometimes it runs out of memory because it's so many videos, so many videos.
So we've really got to remember that this has been an act and the reason why I like to use this video and I will reiterate it again because I think it's such an important task and an important topic and important for anybody who's just joining us in 109 viewers.
Thank you very much for being here. It's not just one guy. This guy's doing a cute little act that would be funny for kids if they saw it.
It would be funny on a TikTok video or something like that. But what I want you to imagine is the idea that a bunch of big adults with lights and sparks and really well done acting and coordinated movements and acting
on a show for the length of this train, which would become more and more convincing depending on their skill and depending on their dedication and depending on the number of people, it would start to really look like these people are actually stopping the train.
Holy cow. And man, look at their pushing it. They're pushing it to get it started. That is so cool.
I really want you to consider that the Scooby-Doo mystery and the solving of it has kept your brain busy in a way that allowed you to miss the fact that the pandemic was nothing more than a pantomime.
This is the fact that these people pretended to be necessary to stop and start the train, but none of them were necessary to stop this pandemic. None of them were necessary.
The pandemic was started with mass casualty events and then everything else was pantomime.
And that's why they had to get a very vigorous debate about whether or not a natural immunity could be formed to this novel virus. And why would they worry about that if it wasn't from a laboratory.
PCR testing about overcycling and this kind of thing distracted everybody from the idea that there might be something back there anyway.
And got them debating about something that shouldn't have even mattered if there were nested primers.
And they argued about it and when they showed you ways that it didn't work, they showed you with peer samples with positive controls and with nested primers.
But in reality, none of the none of the products that were used were nested primers.
And so the non use of steroids, the non use of antibiotics was basically hidden behind this debate over hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin.
Two substances that would probably be expected not to cause much harm and maybe even reasonably expected to have some random benefit depending on the unhealthy state of the person that it was given to.
Certainly, because they were almost always if not exclusively given with antibiotics and steroids.
I find it almost dubious that none of these doctors have ever really pushed specifically anything else other than hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin even though they know that substances like azithromycin and dexamethasone are part of the sort of strategy that's used when these alternative treatments were given.
And so the alternative treatment was alternative to ventilation remdesivir, no antibiotics, no steroids.
That's the trick.
And this, this vigorous debate and who it was led by now needs to be really, really inspected.
Another person to add here would be Alexandros marinos because he spent most of 2021 talking about ivermectin presumably because he was vaccine injured or had long COVID or something like that.
And so he was very interested in the way that they were covering up the effectiveness of ivermectin but he and all of his brilliance and analysis and tweet threads never once pondered the possibility that maybe anything else that was being given with ivermectin that was different from the
protocols prescribed by the CDC and the who might also contribute to the success of the patients.
And ivermectin could be thought to have a lot of different antibiotic activities.
And so ivermectin could have helped, especially people with pneumonia definitely could have helped hydroxychloroquine maybe also i'm not writing that off.
But it's very rare, very rare that people were taking just ivermectin and then just having that be the cure and everybody who tells a story about it to me is pretty sketchy.
And definitely when when they accused Joe Rogan of using it he used like everything, not just ivermectin but like four other things including monoclonal antibodies.
And so excess deaths is something that i've been trying to talk about for a while now and i noticed that last night mark picked up the ball and ran with it i'm very happy about that.
Just to make sure that this cartoon is clear with everybody excess deaths is something that is modeled based on the years right so if we looked at that picture that we just had in the background.
The seasonal variation is here on a baseline and the assumption would be right that that baseline is pretty steady across years.
And so then excess deaths would be anything above that baseline right these would all be excess deaths if they were above that baseline that we saw previously.
Now the trouble is is that when you when you make an excess deaths model and then try to compute excess deaths forward from here.
You are by definition normalizing or averaging in all caused deaths here.
And so if these deaths are not properly mathematically characterized then you're including a lot of deaths in here that may not really be.
Expected deaths you know like old people dying or car accidents or or heart attacks or poisonings or you know every year there's a certain amount of all of these kinds of deaths.
But for example would we consider gunshots gunshot wounds are those aren't those all excess deaths.
Or are we thinking of you know Chicago has 2000 gunshot wounds a year and 200 people die from gunshot wounds every year so that's the average and so we expect 200 people to die every year of gunshot wounds.
So if we don't see more than 200 we don't really have a problem.
We're steady.
And I don't think we think this way.
I don't think we should think this way.
To a certain extent I understand that in order to to to mathematically grasp.
A pattern out of data from the past there is a certain amount of averaging that has to be done a certain amount of of this that has to be done.
But with regard to large sources of excess deaths like for example the opioid crisis.
If in the five years preceding the pandemic there were 50,000 opioid deaths per year.
And those are averaged in.
And then we just start talking about them differently.
Or if they're averaged in and before the pandemic we talk about them as excess or as average but then after the pandemic we just start calculating excess deaths differently.
Then we can really use this 50,000 deaths per year as excess.
On the other hand we can make them very insignificant by saying that at the start of the pandemic there were a hundred thousand excess opioid deaths and that could actually be a hundred and fifty thousand total.
A hundred and fifty thousand total across all age groups most of the time not super old people.
So dragging down the expected the the the expected age of death.
Which is something that they have used for example to say that the that the pandemic occurred they have said that you know it is lowered down.
And that's the the life expectancy of America.
But with this with this funny little this funny little math where it depends on how you calculate excess deaths based on what previous data you calculate excess deaths based on what you count as excess deaths.
And then how you proceed to calculate the deaths during the coronavirus pandemic.
That can have huge implications for the stories that you tell and I would argue and mark would argue and a few other people would argue that maybe Dennis Denny Rancor hasn't captured that quite as accurately or as in depth as could be captured.
That the excess deaths are being shuffled around.
And so we have to we really need some investigation here we need to really have the all the numbers we need to have access to the databases we need to know who knew what.
And we need to do a real honest accounting of all the things that actually went on that contributed to excess deaths throughout the pandemic.
Including the transfections in their effects of course.
But we need to talk about strict liability we need to talk about the fact that that the prep act and the vaccine act are direct violations essentially of our seventh amendment.
We need to talk that there is zero epidemiological evidence of spread I think Denny Rancor actually needs to tweet that to all of the people that saw him in Romania.
He should tweet directly to Jessica Rose hey Jessica Rose you haven't mentioned that my data shows that there's no epidemiological evidence of spread because he's already tweeted it at Robert F Kennedy Jr.
Already tweeted it at CHD in a very aggressive and crappy way.
Why not do the same to Robert Malone who has promoted your work with regard to the vaccine but not with regard to there being no epidemiological evidence of spread.
Why not promote that idea yourself.
Except with of course regards to attacking Bobby's book that I'm in that I got a lot of this biology in despite it being a book about a lab leak.
That's a goal in my mind that is a a a a wonderful free kick goal right there.
Two in a row now there's six more little things in the book that if you put them all together it comes out to this is how they lied about.
The unfortunate thing is is that there isn't enough in the book about the protocols.
There isn't enough in there about them and the nature of the writing of the book and how it was written it just the kind of work that I was asked to do it just wasn't.
I didn't have editorial control over anything you know things the text appears and then you can manipulate or add a little bit or take a little bit out but it's still there's an author there right.
But I did what I could.
I mean we haven't talked about the bonus of you know all these Medicare patients and all these old people being gone for the next five years that is going to help the whole budget a little bit.
Because that's Medicare is not something that they can take out of the budget it's not something that they can push off the next year that spending is for real every year no matter how much the tab comes up to.
So it was starting to get to the point where that was going to be some kind of crazy expense every year that could have cracked the federal budget and they've been talking about it since the 90s really smart people have been talking about it since the 90s that the boomers.
Once they got old and retired and then started to pull medical costs through Medicare we were going to have a very serious problem on our hands they knew that and then conveniently along comes the pandemic and all these people get ventilated and.
We've been treated mistreated for two and a half years and lo and behold here we are billions of dollars if not trillions of dollars of projected costs saved.
Nobody's talking about that.
Nobody's talking about it because the voices that are being elevated are part of ushering in this new world order where your children will be effectively governed by this mythology controlled by digital ID and central bank digital currencies unless we stop now.
It's not voting out a few governors it's voting out your locals it's taking over our state senators and state representatives it's taking over everything us we do it.
Health freedom candidates.
Libertarian freedom candidate I don't know what we're going to call ourselves but this can't happen the lie can't become truth if we let this happen it will be our fault we can still just stop get the get out of the car and walk away we can just get up out of the theater and walk out the door we don't have to watch the rest of this movie.
As I said in the book the first passage I read to you there are like 70s cassettes when you make a mixtape it's not that good already sound quality deteriorates when you make a copy of a mixtape good luck with that it's not going to sound very good in your headphones and that's because the fidelity.
Of copying a cassette is very imperfect copying of a CD was much better so you can make that mixed CD and you can make a copy of that and give it to your friend.
And that fidelity difference in in modern terms or more modern musical terms might be an mp3 versus a flak file one you can share and share and it will not lose its depth and mp3 file will lose its depth as you keep copying it.
And so if RNA viruses are real if they are really out there and occasionally detectable it seems very clear from the farewell to virology analysis and other analyses that preceded it like Stefan Lanka's analysis that a lot of these viruses are almost undetectable
and almost unculturable and so they have a very tough time scientifically justifying even their existence.
And it seems like we are on the border of people like Mark Bailey and Stefan Lanka being able to objectively dismiss some of these concepts especially that of a circulating RNA virus.
But if they are real or if this signal is some kind of background conglomerate that has been distorted into a signal which can be sequenced.
There is no doubt that they can take a sequence that is either created on a keyboard or said to be found in a dish and make DNA of it.
And unlike a coronavirus or an RNA or an RNA sequence or a biological agent in the form of an RNA encapsulated RNA it would be easier to make those if you started with DNA.
And so I want to throw out the idea right now that it's possible that virology like Ebola, SARS, MERS and now SARS-CoV-2 that a lot of this RNA virology has actually always been a lie.
A lie to allow them to cover up the real world application of biotechnologies like transfection.
If you wanted to try out a transfection that you thought might cause some kind of hemorrhagic fever, maybe you'd try it out in a jungle in Africa.
Maybe you'd release your biological agent in a jungle in Africa.
A pure version of something that you might have found in one monkey or a pure version of something that you might have say you found in a local village outbreak.
But an infectious clone of what you think you found.
And then release it and see how far it goes.
Maybe you'd take a coronavirus model organism, create an infectious clone and release that.
See how far it goes.
And all the while talk about how this is really a biological entity that can be found in almost any mammal on the planet.
Maybe you could send somebody like, I don't know, maybe you could set somebody up like Nathan Wolf to have him write a book called Viral Storm about this layer of RNA and DNA that can't even really say all the stuff that's probably
probably findable at this layer of unknown things that can be found with sequencing.
But this is where metagenomic sequencing to find stuff in the wild started with Nathan Wolf, who also worked in close coordination with EcoHealth Alliance.
Maybe not doing anything for real except for touring the world.
Spreading this mythology that you could use sequencing and algorithms to find stuff where no one else found anything before.
And then use this one little wizard retrick here.
That if you say you found a sequence in the wild and then you make the DNA while the DNA is real.
And the DNA can really be made into into plasmids and those plasmids can really be grown into large quantities using bacterial cultures.
And you can really lice those cultures and then get that DNA out and even ligated together and then get an RNA polymerase to convert it to an RNA.
You could put that DNA into cell cultures. I'm pretty sure you could electroprate it into cell cultures.
I'm pretty sure and it would get translated into DNA or into RNA.
You could definitely electroprate the RNA that you made from the DNA into cell cultures and then you could do experiments with it.
You could put that RNA injected directly into animals and they would get sick and that RNA would express proteins, I think.
Depending on what was coded in that RNA because that's what transfection is.
The animal would have an immune response for sure. You can send it to your friends and they would find the same sequence in those tubes that you grew in those bacteria.
The craziest part is you could use the existing bio reactors that are used to make monoclonal antibodies right now and you could make literally leaders of infectious clone DNA that you can convert to infectious clone RNA.
I know that I probably should not even use the word infectious clones because it is their word.
Just use RNA, giant RNA molecules and then transfect those into people and then the proteins that they encode for will in theory be expressed.
The RNA will in theory break it or replicate itself into millions of copies of sub genomic RNAs because we have seen that in these experiments.
Where hundreds of thousands of copies of these sub genomic RNAs encoding for these small proteins are made.
We've seen it.
When they make clones of this RNA, that's what the RNA does.
Maybe they found this RNA dependent RNA polymerase in a signal in the wild. That's fine maybe, but it's never a robust enough signal to grow.
They can never make quantities of it unless they do it this way.
And so David Martin has not really ever effectively explained this in all of his world tours ever.
He calls them infectious replication defective clones and he implies that that means that there are infectious clones that aren't replication defective and can go around the world for three years.
And that implication is false.
They can be used to create that illusion though. That's why this slide is so important because it's not just the lack of it's not just the exosomes with with viral proteins on it or whatever that matter it's the whole illusion that needs tapping.
And so farewell to virology indeed.
I just find it very dubious that we didn't get here sooner.
And although I definitely feel like I'm to blame, I think there are a lot more people to blame than me.
And there were a lot of people who are still to blame for so many people not being here already.
But I have the feeling that even in six months from now the landscape may look very different and the number of people who are saying that the vaccine schedule in America needs to be stopped will be greater than me.
And a few others that have been saying it for a long time. New voices.
Dare to say it.
That's what I'm hoping for.
I don't know if we'll get it.
But I would like some more new voices to speak out about specifically the American vaccine schedule is being horrifying.
And an obvious criminal enterprise that would be fantastic.
Quite frankly, I think it would be fantastic if I could ever convince my employer CHD to even make that a landing page notice.
I don't know that CHD is there yet and that's just the way things are. They are a very.
A political organization whose leadership is very experienced in this fight much more experienced than me.
And they have a way of doing things which in their experience gets things done.
And so I am just humbly at their services best I can helping my immediate supervisor Brian Hooker achieve more than he can by himself and the staff that he had before I joined.
That's all I can do.
And so I try to help every day that I can and the rest of the time I'm still just working to catalog the behavior of these people before and now.
Trying to catalog the things that they have said so that I can paint a clearer picture of what has happened here and understand it myself better.
How they tricked us into believing that there was something that got released in 2019 that was different than anything else before that we've all experienced different symptoms and things happen differently.
And now we're tracking that different thing around the world that's still here.
As Peter McCullough said it's still here.
The illusion of consensus is still here that there was a virus.
Kevin McCarran says we're still at the worst case scenario where we could be at a transmissible pre on disease.
Millions have killed.
Millions more were saved from a novel virus gain a function is real and this is a bio weapon.
This faith in a novel virus and all that comes with it is something that we cannot allow our children to be trapped in. So we will must call the faith for what it is. It is a lie.
Can't let our kids get on this train ladies and gentlemen. And that's just really it.
I don't I don't know how to say it any better than that. We can't let our kids get on this train.
And so I'm going to try and be online a little more often than I have been in these last couple weeks.
I don't know it's been four or five days a week. Sometimes I wanted to make it seven.
And so we're going to keep striving for seven days a week.
I don't know how or how close we will get there, but maybe we will get there in this scenario where biology is the way out. I think we need to first and foremost advocate for a pause on the all.
Vaccination schedules in the USA. I mean, I know that sounds crazy right now to some people, but that's the.
I think the blunt force truth that we need to start laying down. That's where intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb. That's where that statement comes from.
This is the formal manifestation of it advocate for a pause on all childhood vaccinations in the USA.
And why do I show my website? I show my website because I want you to go to that scooby link and see that I had written a review two and a half years ago, which called for a pause on the transfections.
For the things that here at funded Bosch is saying right now about JN one.
For the things that a lot of these people are saying about natural immunity and about transfection causing auto immunity already two and a half years ago, and that was already late.
I had that review done in January.
The person that I was writing it with, we were going to submit it to all kinds of places that it was going to go all kinds and it never went anywhere.
After all kinds of tweaking for a few months and finally releasing it in May, it never got submitted anywhere. It never went anywhere.
And it didn't have a dang word in it about protocols.
It didn't have a dang word in it about excess deaths or about spread or anything like that because I was still a fully bamboozled by the scooby do.
But I'm not anymore. I should have been here earlier.
The kid biologist in me is really upset with the adult biologist in me because the kid got here real quick once I let him loose.
The kid biologist that saw all the patterns in the trees when I was four, that kid, that kid knew it already.
But I couldn't see it.
Advocate for strict liability on all pharmaceutical products, including vaccines, strict liability means something to lawyers, so say it to them.
Investigate the use of deadly protocols to cause mass casualty events like Jessica Hockett is doing in Chicago and in New York City like Jonathan Engler has done in Italy.
Investigate the use of mass casualty events and transfection to create the illusion of a pandemic. So we need to go into these government laboratories to these budgets to these closed grant applications.
We need to just open it all up because it's all mythology.
And the mythology will lead us to the culprits, the culprits.
Be it a background that was mischaracterized and misconstrued or be it something that they have been releasing as the Japanese have released a paper suggesting that all of these variants have been released in sequence in order to create the pandemic illusion.
I'm fine with that too. Let's investigate it and find out because we have the technology to do it.
It's called infectious clones. Do I think that's the most parsimonious solution that they're releasing them periodically like some kind of magazine distribution? No, I don't think that's the most parsimonious solution, but we have the biology and biotechnology to do that.
If you just mean making RNA that matches those sequences or making DNA that matches those sequences so that those sequences will show up in places yet we can do that for cheaper than ever now.
That's one thing I do agree on. Does that result in transmission of an RNA pathogen? Does that result in RNA running wild because it's got a fear and cleavage site in it? No.
But in a military operation designed to bamboozle the world full of governments that are full of dumb people. Yes, that could work.
Reclaim sovereignty over our bodies and those of our children like responsible adults should have done three years ago.
You should have never let them mask your kids. You should have never let them shut down the schools. We should have been in charge of our school boards already in 2020 and it never would have happened.
We are at a time point where human diversity is at its peak for all time and they want to take advantage of it. They want to use this.
If there's going to be strife and there's going to be suffering to come in the future, ladies and gentlemen, let's go in eyes wide open.
They are trying to take it from our children, ladies and gentlemen. Please stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
This has been legal and biological. A high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Hintramuscular injection in many combinations of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and viruses are not patterned integrity.
Over the next few days, as we go through the dark days before Christmas, we are going to start putting together what I'm going to call Kui's COVID cliff notes.
Basically, I'm going to try and do a summary show about a few basic headlines and try to summarize how this mythology was laid down under these basic headings of PCR and this kind of thing.
A lot of these big ideas really need a succinct explanation and they need a succinct list of papers and the examples in those papers of how it shows that the biology of these stories are incongruent.
So I think I've been working on a list of these things and how to populate that list and I've been making some slidesets and so it feels like we're doing a lot of repeating because we are.
But again, it's a jazz show. It's something that needs to be repeated.
We're not going to become Steph Curry of biology without a thousand shots and a lot of misses, right? And that's where we are right now.
We're about halfway there and sooner or later, we're going to be NBA biology.
But right now, we're still at NCAA level and we're still just trying to iron out the message.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I am recovering and my voice feels fantastic. It's just not my lungs and my cough, but it was a couple days ago, a lot worse than it is now.
So thanks very much for joining me and I will probably most likely see you again tomorrow, although I do have guests coming and so I might have to do something earlier or later depending on when they come.
Happy to be here. Thank you very much. It's good to be back online. I will see you again soon. Bye-bye.